Till before, now sing Ride On, King Jesus.
Oh, ride on, ride on King Jesus. Ride on, ride on King Jesus. Ride on, ride on King Jesus. I want to go to heaven in the morning.
Ride on, ride on King Jesus. Ride on, ride on King Jesus. Ride on, ride on
King Jesus, I want to go to heaven in the morning.
You see, my father, please tell him to me.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
He's got the mountains, those horses on the battlefield if he wants to go to heaven in the morning.
Morning, morning, morning, morning, morning, morning, morning, morning.
Ride on, ride on,
King Jesus. Ride on, ride on,
King Jesus. I want to go to heaven in the morning.
Morning, morning, morning, morning, morning, morning, morning.
Ride on, ride on,
King Jesus. Ride on, ride on,
King Jesus. I want to go to heaven in the morning.